README.md, before:

# Resume Builder

A Java application for creating professional resumes using iText PDF library.

## Prerequisites

- Java Development Kit (JDK)
- iText PDF library

## Setup

### For macOS/Linux Users

1. Clone the repository
2. Make sure you have JDK installed
3. Download the iText PDF library:
   - Download iText PDF 5.5.10 from [Maven Central](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/itextpdf/itextpdf/5.5.10/itextpdf-5.5.10.jar)
   - Create a `lib` directory in the project root if it doesn't exist
   - Place the downloaded JAR file in the `lib` directory

### For Windows Users

1. Clone the repository
2. Install JDK if not already installed:
   - Download JDK from [Oracle's website](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/) or use [OpenJDK](https://adoptium.net/)
   - Add Java to your system PATH
   - Verify installation by running `java -version` in Command Prompt
3. Download the iText PDF library:
   - Download iText PDF 5.5.10 from [Maven Central](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/itextpdf/itextpdf/5.5.10/itextpdf-5.5.10.jar)
   - Create a `lib` directory in the project root if it doesn't exist
   - Place the downloaded JAR file in the `lib` directory
4. Install Make for Windows:
   - Option 1: Install via [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/): `choco install make`
   - Option 2: Install via [GnuWin32](http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net/packages/make.htm)
   - Option 3: Use [Git Bash](https://git-scm.com/download/win) which includes make

## Building and Running

Use the provided Makefile to build and run the application:

```bash
# Build the project
make build

# Run the application
make run

# Clean compiled files
make clean

# Rebuild and run
make rebuild
```

### Windows-specific Notes

- If you're using Command Prompt or PowerShell, you might need to use `mingw32-make` instead of `make`
- If you're using Git Bash, you can use `make` commands as shown above
- Make sure your system PATH includes both Java and Make executables

## Project Structure

- `src/` - Source code directory
- `lib/` - Library dependencies (place iText PDF JAR here)
- `Makefile` - Build automation

Commit message:

docs: add screenshots and features section

README.md, after:

# Resume Builder

A Java application for creating professional resumes using iText PDF library.

## Features

- Create professional PDF resumes
- Customizable templates
- Easy-to-use interface
- Export to PDF format

## Screenshots

### Application Interface
![Application Interface](docs/images/interface.png)
*Main interface of the Resume Builder application*

### Sample Resume Output
![Sample Resume](docs/images/sample-resume.png)
*Example of a generated resume in PDF format*

## Prerequisites

- Java Development Kit (JDK)
- iText PDF library

## Setup

### For macOS/Linux Users

1. Clone the repository
2. Make sure you have JDK installed
3. Download the iText PDF library:
   - Download iText PDF 5.5.10 from [Maven Central](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/itextpdf/itextpdf/5.5.10/itextpdf-5.5.10.jar)
   - Create a `lib` directory in the project root if it doesn't exist
   - Place the downloaded JAR file in the `lib` directory

### For Windows Users

1. Clone the repository
2. Install JDK if not already installed:
   - Download JDK from [Oracle's website](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/) or use [OpenJDK](https://adoptium.net/)
   - Add Java to your system PATH
   - Verify installation by running `java -version` in Command Prompt
3. Download the iText PDF library:
   - Download iText PDF 5.5.10 from [Maven Central](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/itextpdf/itextpdf/5.5.10/itextpdf-5.5.10.jar)
   - Create a `lib` directory in the project root if it doesn't exist
   - Place the downloaded JAR file in the `lib` directory
4. Install Make for Windows:
   - Option 1: Install via [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/): `choco install make`
   - Option 2: Install via [GnuWin32](http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net/packages/make.htm)
   - Option 3: Use [Git Bash](https://git-scm.com/download/win) which includes make

## Building and Running

Use the provided Makefile to build and run the application:

```bash
# Build the project
make build

# Run the application
make run

# Clean compiled files
make clean

# Rebuild and run
make rebuild
```

### Windows-specific Notes

- If you're using Command Prompt or PowerShell, you might need to use `mingw32-make` instead of `make`
- If you're using Git Bash, you can use `make` commands as shown above
- Make sure your system PATH includes both Java and Make executables

## Project Structure

- `src/` - Source code directory
- `lib/` - Library dependencies (place iText PDF JAR here)
- `Makefile` - Build automation
- `docs/images/` - Documentation images and screenshots
